---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_instance Data Source - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The instance data source.
---

# bytebase_instance (Data Source)

The instance data source. You can get a single instance through `bytebase_instance` data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Find a instance by resource id "dev-instance" in the "dev" environment.
data "bytebase_instance" "dev" {
  resource_id = "dev-instance"
  environment = "dev"
}

output "instance" {
  value = data.bytebase_instance.dev
}
```

You can check [examples](https://github.com/bytebase/terraform-provider-bytebase/blob/main/examples/instances) for more usage examples.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The instance **unique resource id**.
- `environment` (String) The environment **unique resource id** for the instance.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The instance id.
- `title` (String) The instance name.
- `engine` (String) The instance engine. Should be one of:
  - `MYSQL`
  - `POSTGRES`
  - `TIDB`
  - `SNOWFLAKE`
  - `CLICKHOUSE`
  - `SQLITE`
  - `MONGODB`
- `external_link` (String) The external console URL managing this instance (e.g. AWS RDS console, your in-house DB instance console)
- `data_sources` (List of Object) The connection for the instance. You can configure read-only or admin connection account here. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_sources))

<a id="nestedblock--data_sources"></a>

### Nested Schema for `data_sources`

#### Read-Only

- `title` (String) The unique data source name in this instance.
- `type` (String) The data source type. Should be one of:
  - `ADMIN`: The ADMIN type of data source.
  - `READ_ONLY`: The read-only type of data source.
- `username` (String) The connection user name used by Bytebase to perform DDL and DML operations.
- `password` (String) The connection user password used by Bytebase to perform DDL and DML operations.
- `ssl_ca` (String) The CA certificate. Optional, you can set this if the engine type is `CLICKHOUSE`.
- `ssl_cert` (String) The client certificate. Optional, you can set this if the engine type is `CLICKHOUSE`.
- `ssl_key` (String) The client key. Optional, you can set this if the engine type is `CLICKHOUSE`.
- `host` (String) Host or socket for the data source, or the account name if the instance type is Snowflake.
- `port` (String) The port for the data source.
- `database` (String) The database for the data source.