---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_instance_list Data Source - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The instance data source list.
---

# bytebase_instance_list (Data Source)

The instance data source list. You can list instances through `bytebase_instance_list` data source.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# List instances
data "bytebase_instance_list" "all" {}

output "all_instances" {
  value = data.bytebase_instance_list.all.instances
}
```

You can check [examples](https://github.com/bytebase/terraform-provider-bytebase/blob/main/examples/main.tf) for more usage examples.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->

## Schema

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `instances` (List of Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instances))

<a id="nestedatt--instances"></a>

### Nested Schema for `instances`

#### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The instance id.
- `engine` (String) The instance engine. Should be one of:
  - `MYSQL`
  - `POSTGRES`
  - `TIDB`
  - `SNOWFLAKE`
  - `CLICKHOUSE`
- `environment` (String) The unique environment name for your instance.
- `host` (String) Host or socket for your instance, or the account name if the instance type is Snowflake.
- `port` (String) The port for your instance.
- `external_link` (String) The external console URL managing this instance (e.g. AWS RDS console, your in-house DB instance console)
- `database` (String) The database for your instance.
- `data_source_list` (List of Object, Min: 1, Max: 3) The connection for the instance. You can configure read-only or admin connection account here. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_source_list))

<a id="nestedblock--data_source_list"></a>

### Nested Schema for `data_source_list`

#### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The data source id.
- `name` (String) The unique data source name in this instance.
- `type` (String) The data source type. Should be one of:
  - `ADMIN`: The ADMIN type of data source.
  - `RO`: The read-only type of data source.
- `username` (String) The connection user name used by Bytebase to perform DDL and DML operations.
- `password` (String) The connection user password used by Bytebase to perform DDL and DML operations.
- `ssl_ca` (String) The CA certificate. Optional, you can set this if the engine type is `CLICKHOUSE`.
- `ssl_cert` (String) The client certificate. Optional, you can set this if the engine type is `CLICKHOUSE`.
- `ssl_key` (String) The client key. Optional, you can set this if the engine type is `CLICKHOUSE`.
- `host_override` (String) The Read-replica Host. Only works for RO type data source.
- `port_override` (String) The Read-replica Port. Only works for RO type data source.
