---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_database Resource - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The database resource.
---

# bytebase_database (Resource)

The database resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The database full name in instances/{instance}/databases/{database} format
- `project` (String) The project full name for the database in projects/{project} format.

### Optional

- `catalog` (Block List, Max: 1) The databases catalog. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--catalog))
- `environment` (String) The database environment, will follow the instance environment by default
- `labels` (Map of String) The deployment and policy control labels.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `schema_version` (String) The version of database schema.
- `successful_sync_time` (String) The latest synchronization time.
- `sync_state` (String) The existence of a database on latest sync.

<a id="nestedblock--catalog"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog`

Required:

- `schemas` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--catalog--schemas))

<a id="nestedblock--catalog--schemas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.schemas`

Required:

- `tables` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--catalog--schemas--tables))

Optional:

- `name` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--catalog--schemas--tables"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.schemas.tables`

Required:

- `columns` (Block Set, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--catalog--schemas--tables--columns))
- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `classification` (String) The classification id

<a id="nestedblock--catalog--schemas--tables--columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `catalog.schemas.tables.columns`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `classification` (String) The classification id
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `semantic_type` (String) The semantic type id


