---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_environment Resource - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The environment resource.
---

# bytebase_environment (Resource)

The environment resource. You can read, create, update or delete a single environment through `bytebase_environment` resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a new environment named "dev"
resource "bytebase_environment" "dev" {
  name  = "dev"
  order = 1
  environment_tier_policy  = "UNPROTECTED"
  pipeline_approval_policy = "MANUAL_APPROVAL_NEVER"
  backup_plan_policy       = "UNSET"
}
```

You can check [examples](https://github.com/bytebase/terraform-provider-bytebase/blob/main/examples/main.tf) for more usage examples.

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The environment **unique** name.
- `order` (Number) The environment sorting order.
- `environment_tier_policy` (String) If marked as PROTECTED, developers cannot execute any query on this environment's databases using SQL Editor by default. Should be one of:
  - `PROTECTED`: The envirnoment is projected and developers cannot execute any query.
  - `UNPROTECTED`: The envirnoment is unprojected.
- `pipeline_approval_policy` (String) For updating schema on the existing database, this setting controls whether the task requires manual approval. Should be one of:
  - `MANUAL_APPROVAL_NEVER`: Disable the manual approval policy.
  - `MANUAL_APPROVAL_BY_PROJECT_OWNER`: The task requires project owner to manual approval.
  - `MANUAL_APPROVAL_BY_WORKSPACE_OWNER_OR_DBA`: The task requires workspace owner or DBA to manual approval.
- `backup_plan_policy` (String) The database backup policy in this environment. Should be one of:
  - `UNSET`: Disable the backup plan.
  - `DAILY`: Enable the daily backup.
  - `WEEKLY`: Enable the weekly backup.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
