---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_idp Resource - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The identity provider resource.
---

# bytebase_idp (Resource)

The identity provider resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The identity provider unique resource id.
- `title` (String) The identity provider display title.
- `type` (String) The identity provider type. One of OAUTH2, OIDC, LDAP.

### Optional

- `domain` (String) The domain for email matching when using this identity provider.
- `ldap_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The LDAP identity provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldap_config))
- `oauth2_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The OAuth2 identity provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oauth2_config))
- `oidc_config` (Block List, Max: 1) The OIDC identity provider configuration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oidc_config))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The identity provider full name in idps/{resource id} format.

<a id="nestedblock--ldap_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap_config`

Required:

- `base_dn` (String) The base DN to search for users.
- `bind_dn` (String) The DN of the user to bind as a service account.
- `bind_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of the bind user.
- `field_mapping` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Mapping configuration for user attributes from LDAP response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ldap_config--field_mapping))
- `host` (String) The hostname or IP address of the LDAP server.
- `user_filter` (String) The filter to search for users, e.g. (uid=%s).

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The port number of the LDAP server. Default port depends on security protocol.
- `security_protocol` (String) The security protocol. One of START_TLS, LDAPS.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Whether to skip TLS certificate verification.

<a id="nestedblock--ldap_config--field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap_config.field_mapping`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) The field name of the unique identifier in the IdP user info.

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The field name of the display name in the IdP user info.
- `groups` (String) The field name of the groups in the IdP user info.
- `phone` (String) The field name of the primary phone in the IdP user info.



<a id="nestedblock--oauth2_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth2_config`

Required:

- `auth_url` (String) The authorization endpoint URL.
- `client_id` (String) The OAuth2 client identifier.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OAuth2 client secret.
- `field_mapping` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Mapping configuration for user attributes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oauth2_config--field_mapping))
- `token_url` (String) The token endpoint URL.
- `user_info_url` (String) The user information endpoint URL.

Optional:

- `auth_style` (String) The authentication style for client credentials. One of IN_PARAMS, IN_HEADER.
- `scopes` (List of String) The list of OAuth2 scopes to request.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Whether to skip TLS certificate verification.

<a id="nestedblock--oauth2_config--field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oauth2_config.field_mapping`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) The field name of the unique identifier in the IdP user info.

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The field name of the display name in the IdP user info.
- `groups` (String) The field name of the groups in the IdP user info.
- `phone` (String) The field name of the primary phone in the IdP user info.



<a id="nestedblock--oidc_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_config`

Required:

- `client_id` (String) The OIDC client identifier.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) The OIDC client secret.
- `field_mapping` (Block List, Min: 1, Max: 1) Mapping configuration for user attributes from OIDC claims. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--oidc_config--field_mapping))
- `issuer` (String) The OIDC issuer URL.

Optional:

- `auth_style` (String) The authentication style for client credentials. One of IN_PARAMS, IN_HEADER.
- `scopes` (List of String) The OIDC scopes to request.
- `skip_tls_verify` (Boolean) Whether to skip TLS certificate verification.

Read-Only:

- `auth_endpoint` (String) The authorization endpoint from the OIDC well-known configuration.

<a id="nestedblock--oidc_config--field_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `oidc_config.field_mapping`

Required:

- `identifier` (String) The field name of the unique identifier in the IdP user info.

Optional:

- `display_name` (String) The field name of the display name in the IdP user info.
- `groups` (String) The field name of the groups in the IdP user info.
- `phone` (String) The field name of the primary phone in the IdP user info.


