---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_policy Resource - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The policy resource.
---

# bytebase_policy (Resource)

The policy resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `parent` (String) The policy parent name for the policy, support projects/{resource id}, environments/{resource id}, instances/{resource id}, or instances/{resource id}/databases/{database name}
- `type` (String) The policy type.

### Optional

- `data_source_query_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Restrict querying admin data sources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data_source_query_policy))
- `disable_copy_data_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Restrict data copying in SQL Editor (Admins/DBAs allowed) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--disable_copy_data_policy))
- `enforce` (Boolean) Decide if the policy is enforced.
- `global_masking_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--global_masking_policy))
- `inherit_from_parent` (Boolean) Decide if the policy should inherit from the parent.
- `masking_exception_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--masking_exception_policy))
- `query_data_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) The policy for query data (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--query_data_policy))
- `rollout_policy` (Block List, Max: 1) Control issue rollout. Learn more: https://docs.bytebase.com/administration/environment-policy/rollout-policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--rollout_policy))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) The policy full name

<a id="nestedblock--data_source_query_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data_source_query_policy`

Optional:

- `disallow_ddl` (Boolean) Disallow running DDL statements in the SQL editor.
- `disallow_dml` (Boolean) Disallow running DML statements in the SQL editor.
- `restriction` (String) RESTRICTION_UNSPECIFIED means no restriction; FALLBACK will allows to query admin data sources when there is no read-only data source; DISALLOW will always disallow to query admin data sources.


<a id="nestedblock--disable_copy_data_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disable_copy_data_policy`

Required:

- `enable` (Boolean) Restrict data copying


<a id="nestedblock--global_masking_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_masking_policy`

Optional:

- `rules` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--global_masking_policy--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--global_masking_policy--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `global_masking_policy.rules`

Required:

- `condition` (String) The condition expression
- `id` (String) The unique rule id
- `semantic_type` (String) The semantic type id

Optional:

- `title` (String) The title for the rule



<a id="nestedblock--masking_exception_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `masking_exception_policy`

Optional:

- `exceptions` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--masking_exception_policy--exceptions))

<a id="nestedblock--masking_exception_policy--exceptions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `masking_exception_policy.exceptions`

Required:

- `actions` (Set of String)
- `members` (Set of String)

Optional:

- `columns` (Set of String)
- `database` (String) The database full name in instances/{instance resource id}/databases/{database name} format
- `expire_timestamp` (String) The expiration timestamp in YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss.000Z format
- `raw_expression` (String) The raw CEL expression. We will use it as the masking exception and ignore the "database"/"schema"/"table"/"columns"/"expire_timestamp" fields if you provide the raw expression.
- `reason` (String) The reason for the masking exemption
- `schema` (String)
- `table` (String)



<a id="nestedblock--query_data_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `query_data_policy`

Required:

- `disable_export` (Boolean) Disable export data in the SQL editor

Optional:

- `maximum_result_rows` (Number) The return rows limit. If the value <= 0, will be treated as no limit. The default value is -1.
- `maximum_result_size` (Number) The size limit in bytes. The default value is 100MB, we will use the default value if the limit <= 0.
- `timeout_in_seconds` (Number) The maximum time allowed for a query to run in SQL Editor. No limit when the value <= 0


<a id="nestedblock--rollout_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rollout_policy`

Optional:

- `automatic` (Boolean) If all check pass, the change will be rolled out and executed automatically.
- `roles` (Set of String) If any roles are specified, Bytebase requires users with those roles to manually roll out the change.


