---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "bytebase_setting Resource - terraform-provider-bytebase"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The setting resource.
---

# bytebase_setting (Resource)

The setting resource.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The setting name in settings/{name} format. The name support "WORKSPACE_APPROVAL", "WORKSPACE_PROFILE", "DATA_CLASSIFICATION", "SEMANTIC_TYPES", "ENVIRONMENT", "PASSWORD_RESTRICTION", "SQL_RESULT_SIZE_LIMIT". Check the proto https://github.com/bytebase/bytebase/blob/main/proto/v1/v1/setting_service.proto#L109 for details

### Optional

- `approval_flow` (Block List) Configure risk level and approval flow for different tasks. Require ENTERPRISE subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_flow))
- `classification` (Block List, Max: 1) Classification for data masking. Require ENTERPRISE subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--classification))
- `environment_setting` (Block List) The environment (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--environment_setting))
- `password_restriction` (Block List, Max: 1) Restrict for login password (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password_restriction))
- `semantic_types` (Block List) Semantic types for data masking. Require ENTERPRISE subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types))
- `sql_query_restriction` (Block List, Max: 1) Restrict for SQL query result (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--sql_query_restriction))
- `workspace_profile` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workspace_profile))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--approval_flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_flow`

Required:

- `rules` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_flow--rules))

<a id="nestedblock--approval_flow--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_flow.rules`

Required:

- `flow` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_flow--rules--flow))

Optional:

- `conditions` (Block List) Match any condition will trigger this approval flow. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_flow--rules--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--approval_flow--rules--flow"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_flow.rules.flow`

Required:

- `steps` (Block List, Min: 1) Approval flow following the step order. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--approval_flow--rules--flow--steps))
- `title` (String)

Optional:

- `description` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--approval_flow--rules--flow--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_flow.rules.flow.steps`

Required:

- `role` (String) The role require to review in this step



<a id="nestedblock--approval_flow--rules--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `approval_flow.rules.conditions`

Optional:

- `level` (String)
- `source` (String)




<a id="nestedblock--classification"></a>
### Nested Schema for `classification`

Required:

- `classifications` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--classification--classifications))
- `id` (String) The classification unique uuid.
- `levels` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--classification--levels))
- `title` (String) The classification title. Optional.

Optional:

- `classification_from_config` (Boolean) If true, we will only store the classification in the config. Otherwise we will get the classification from table/column comment, and write back to the schema metadata.

<a id="nestedblock--classification--classifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `classification.classifications`

Required:

- `id` (String) The classification unique id, must in {number}-{number} format.
- `title` (String) The classification title.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The classification description.
- `level` (String) The classification level id.


<a id="nestedblock--classification--levels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `classification.levels`

Required:

- `id` (String) The classification level unique uuid.
- `title` (String) The classification level title.

Optional:

- `description` (String) The classification level description.



<a id="nestedblock--environment_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_setting`

Required:

- `environment` (Block List, Min: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--environment_setting--environment))

<a id="nestedblock--environment_setting--environment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `environment_setting.environment`

Required:

- `id` (String) The environment unique id.
- `title` (String) The environment display name.

Optional:

- `color` (String) The environment color.
- `protected` (Boolean) The environment is protected or not.

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The environment readonly name in environments/{id} format.



<a id="nestedblock--password_restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_restriction`

Optional:

- `min_length` (Number) min_length is the minimum length for password, should no less than 8.
- `password_rotation_in_seconds` (Number) password_rotation requires users to reset their password after the duration. The duration should be at least 86400 (one day).
- `require_letter` (Boolean) require_letter requires the password must contains at least one letter, regardless of upper case or lower case.
- `require_number` (Boolean) require_number requires the password must contains at least one number.
- `require_reset_password_for_first_login` (Boolean) require_reset_password_for_first_login requires users to reset their password after the 1st login.
- `require_special_character` (Boolean) require_special_character requires the password must contains at least one special character.
- `require_uppercase_letter` (Boolean) require_uppercase_letter requires the password must contains at least one upper case letter.


<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types`

Required:

- `id` (String) The semantic type unique uuid.
- `title` (String) The semantic type title. Required.

Optional:

- `algorithm` (Block List, Max: 1) The semantic type algorithm. Required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm))
- `description` (String) The semantic type description. Optional.

<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types.algorithm`

Optional:

- `full_mask` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--full_mask))
- `inner_outer_mask` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--inner_outer_mask))
- `md5_mask` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--md5_mask))
- `range_mask` (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--range_mask))

<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--full_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types.algorithm.full_mask`

Required:

- `substitution` (String) Substitution is the string used to replace the original value, the max length of the string is 16 bytes.


<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--inner_outer_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types.algorithm.inner_outer_mask`

Required:

- `prefix_len` (Number) The length of prefix.
- `substitution` (String) Substitution is the string used to replace the inner or outer substring.
- `suffix_len` (Number) The length of suffix.
- `type` (String) INNER or OUTER.


<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--md5_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types.algorithm.md5_mask`

Required:

- `salt` (String) Salt is the salt value to generate a different hash that with the word alone.


<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--range_mask"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types.algorithm.range_mask`

Optional:

- `slices` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--range_mask--slices))

<a id="nestedblock--semantic_types--algorithm--range_mask--slices"></a>
### Nested Schema for `semantic_types.algorithm.range_mask.slices`

Required:

- `end` (Number) End is the stop index of the original value, should be less than the length of the original value.
- `start` (Number) Start is the start index of the original value, start from 0 and should be less than stop.
- `substitution` (String) Substitution is the string used to replace the OriginalValue[start:end).





<a id="nestedblock--sql_query_restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `sql_query_restriction`

Optional:

- `maximum_result_rows` (Number) The return rows limit. If the value <= 0, will be treated as no limit. The default value is -1.
- `maximum_result_size` (Number) The size limit in bytes. The default value is 100MB, we will use the default value if the setting not exists, or the limit <= 0.


<a id="nestedblock--workspace_profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workspace_profile`

Optional:

- `announcement` (Block List, Max: 1) Custom announcement. Will show as a banner in the Bytebase UI. Require ENTERPRISE subscription. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--workspace_profile--announcement))
- `database_change_mode` (String) The workspace database change mode, support EDITOR or PIPELINE. Default PIPELINE
- `disallow_password_signin` (Boolean) Whether to disallow password signin (except workspace admins). Require ENTERPRISE subscription
- `disallow_signup` (Boolean) Disallow self-service signup, users can only be invited by the owner. Require PRO subscription.
- `domains` (List of String) The workspace domain, e.g. bytebase.com. Required for the group
- `enforce_identity_domain` (Boolean) Only user and group from the domains can be created and login.
- `external_url` (String) The URL user visits Bytebase. The external URL is used for: 1. Constructing the correct callback URL when configuring the VCS provider. The callback URL points to the frontend; 2. Creating the correct webhook endpoint when configuring the project GitOps workflow. The webhook endpoint points to the backend.
- `maximum_role_expiration_in_seconds` (Number) The max duration in seconds for role expired. If the value is less than or equal to 0, we will remove the setting. AKA no limit.
- `token_duration_in_seconds` (Number) The duration for login token in seconds. The duration should be at least 3600 (one hour).

<a id="nestedblock--workspace_profile--announcement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `workspace_profile.announcement`

Required:

- `level` (String) The alert level of announcement
- `text` (String) The text of announcement. Leave it as empty string can clear the announcement

Optional:

- `link` (String) The optional link, user can follow the link to check extra details


